---
layout: post
title: "My talk at cssday 2021"
cover-image: mobile-ux-goals.png
sitemap:
  priority: 0.95
---

When Andrea Decarolis contacted me at the end of January to find out if I was interested in participating in CSSDay as a speaker, I didn't think twice despite having little time before the Call for Paper deadline ends.

However, choosing the topic was relatively simple. In Citynews we use **CSS Custom Properties** wisely. So, I thought sharing my experience was helpful.

Although the theme was quite technical, I received a lot of appreciation. Especially for live code examples. I thought they could be boring or difficult to follow (due to remote), but it went so good.

## Conference Topics

2021 edition topics were a right mix of theory, practice and inspiration. I bring with me several insights:

- Giuseppe's reflections on the use of functional classes;
- Matteo's valuable advice on web performances;
- Emanuela's invitation "Don't be right, be fit" (which is also the title of the keynote), for which the eternal search for the right thing is not essential for the success of a project;

Congratulations to GrUSP and to all the staff for putting together a truly complete program.

## Experience

It was the first remote conference I attended and the overall experience was really positive.

The rhythms were the right ones (kudos to Andrea), the public always active and interested.

The real plus of the day was the coffee room. During the breaks between one talk and another or for lunch, there were many opportunities for discussion on technical issues and more. In short, it was also a real pleasure from a human point of view to find such openness and availability.

## Final thoughts

**CSSDay** is confirmed as an important event in the italian community of tech web conferences and, despite the name, it is open to all the figures involved in a web project, not only to fans of this language.

In short, I can't wait to participate in the 2022 edition, hoping to see us all live.

Here you find my [talk slides](https://slides.com/francescoimprota/css-custom-properties)