---
layout: post
title: "2022"
cover-image:
sitemap:
  priority: 0.87
---

It's that time of year again – the time to look back and reflect on the past twelve months. For me, 2022 was a year of new beginnings and exciting projects.

In March, I [started working for the Italian Department for Digital Transformation](/posts/2022-04-29-i-joined-italian-department), and it has been a great experience so far. I have learned a lot and had the opportunity to work on some really interesting projects.

In addition to my full-time job, I also found time to work on a side project of my own. I built CSSUI, a library of pure CSS components, and [launched the v1.0 in 2022](https://www.cssui.dev/blog/release-v1.0.0/). It was a lot of hard work, but seeing the final product live and being used by others was a great feeling.

In addition to my professional projects, I also made time for personal writing. 

I wrote several posts for my blog and published **30 newsletter issues** throughout the year. It was a great way to share my thoughts and experiences with others, and I enjoyed the process of writing and creating content.

Despite all of these accomplishments, I have to admit that I didn't always feel like I had enough time to relax and recharge. 

Between work, my side project, and personal writing, I often felt like there wasn't enough time in the day. 

However, I did make an effort to take some time off and enjoy my travels to Minorca and Lisbon with my family. These trips were a great way to step back and recharge, and I'm grateful for the opportunity to have taken them.

All in all, 2022 was a great year full of new experiences and personal growth. I'm looking forward to what 2023 has in store, and I'm ready to tackle new challenges and projects head on.