---
layout: post
title: "100 pomodoros"
cover-image: 
sitemap:
  priority: 0.9
---

This year, I set a key goal to complete 100 Pomodoros as part of my time management strategy. 

The Pomodoro Technique is a well-known time management method, but, for those unfamiliar with the term, it was developed by Francesco Cirillo in the late 1980s. 

The technique uses a timer to break down work into intervals, traditionally 25 minutes in length, separated by short breaks. Each interval is known as a "Pomodoro", the Italian word for tomato, inspired by the tomato-shaped kitchen timer that Cirillo used as a university student.

## Why the Pomodoro Technique? 

Here are a few reasons:

1. **Simplicity**: you just need to set a timer for 25 minutes and concentrate on your work during this period. After the timer rings, you take a short break. This cycle repeats, allowing for productive bursts of work and rest.
2. **Optimal Focus Time**: The 25-minute work interval is an excellent indicator of focus. It's long enough to get deeply involved in a task, but not so long that your mind starts to wander. It strikes a balance between intensity and sustainability.
3. **Breaking Tasks into Manageable Chunks**: this technique forces me to think about tasks in terms of time slots. This naturally encourages breaking down larger tasks into smaller, more manageable ones that can fit into a 25-minute slot. This approach leads to a more organised workflow and helps prevent feeling overwhelmed by large tasks.

## Why exactly 100

I prefer to maintain a cautious outlook, as unforeseen events are a constant possibility. Thus, it's wiser to start with a modest goal and then aim to exceed it.

In a typical workweek, I aim to allocate 2 hours per day to productive, focused work. That's equivalent to 4 "tomatoes" per day, in theory.

However, in reality, unexpected interruptions often reduce that time, or I find myself juggling multiple tasks simultaneously. I don't consider this focused time.

That's why I've settled on a symbolic number, 100, representing a bare minimum. It also serves as a personal challenge to strive for more.